I'm going where the chilly winds don't blow
I'm going where the climate suits my clothes.
- Bob Dylan


They had the best selection, 
They were poisoned with protection 
There was nothing that they needed, 
Nothing left to find 
- Neil Young


See the losers in the best bars
Meet the winners in the dives
- Neil Young


Most men are like me, they struggle and doubt
They trouble their minds day in and day out
- Johnny Cash


Doch paß auf, die Freigeistfresser lauern 
eifersüchtig im Vorurteilsmief, 
ziehen Gräben und erdenken Mauern 
und Schubladen, wie Verliese so tief. 
- Reinhard Mey


For we cannot help agreeing 
that no living human being 
ever yet was blessed with seeing
- Edgar Allan Poe


The choice is yours to make
The time is yours to take
Some dive into the sea
Some toil upon the stone
- Townes van Zandt


Where you've been is good and gone
All you keep is the getting there
- Townes van Zandt


Living's mostly wasting time
And I waste my share of mine
- Townes van Zandt


I guess that no amount of lying
To myself will stop the crying
The facts are plain to see, it's only
That I ain't used to being lonely
- Townes van Zandt


Lay your head back easy, love,
And close your cryin' eyes
I'll be layin' here beside you
When the sun comes on the rise
- Townes van Zandt


There's no stronger wind than the one that blows 
down a lonesome railroad line
No prettier sight than lookin' back 
at a town you left behind
- Townes van Zandt


Well how long will it be before he sees
You own his legs but his mind is free
Only you can tell, Miss Carousel
How long will he be crawling?
- Townes van Zandt


There's lots of things along the road
I'd surely like to see
I'd like to lean into the wind
And tell myself I'm free
- Townes van Zandt


In a soldier’s stance, I aimed my hand
At the mongrel dogs who teach
Fearing not that I’d become my enemy
In the instant that I preach
- Bob Dylan


Simple, clear purpose and principles give rise to 
complex and intelligent behavior. 
Complex rules and regulations give rise to 
simple and stupid behavior.
- Dee Hock


A committee can make a decision that is dumber than any of its members.
- David Cobitz


It is said that power corrupts, 
but actually it’s more true that power attracts the corruptible. 
The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.
- David Brin


One dog barks at something. 
And a hundred dogs bark at the sound.
- Chinese Proverb


All unser Übel kommt daher, 
daß wir nicht allein sein können.
- Arthur Schopenhauer


Der Mensch kann tun was er will; 
er kann aber nicht wollen was er will.
- Arthur Schopenhauer


Was dein Feind nicht wissen soll, 
das sage deinem Freunde nicht.
- Arthur Schopenhauer


Happiness is the absence of striving for happiness.
- Chang-Tzu


Don’t ever wrestle with a pig. 
You’ll both get dirty, 
but the pig will enjoy it.
- Cale Yarborough


I use emotion for the many and reserve reason for the few.
- Adolf Hitler


It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge.
- Adolf Hitler


Die Aufnahmefähigkeit der großen Masse ist nur sehr beschränkt, das Verständnis klein, dafür jedoch die Vergesslichkeit groß. Aus diesen Tatsachen heraus hat sich jede wirkungsvolle Propaganda auf nur sehr wenige Punkte zu beschränken und diese schlagwortartig so lange zu verwenden, bis auch bestimmt der Letzte unter einem solchen Worte das Gewollte sich vorzustellen vermag. Sowie man diesen Grundsatz opfert und vielseitig werden will, wird man die Wirkung zum Zerflattern bringen, da die Menge den gebotenen Stoff weder zu verdauen noch zu behalten vermag.
- Adolf Hitler - Mein Kampf 1943, 851.-855. Tausend, S. 198


Jede Propaganda hat volkstümlich zu sein und ihr geistiges Niveau einzustellen auf die Aufnahmefähigkeit des Beschränktesten unter denen, an die sie sich zu richten gedenkt. Damit wird ihre rein geistige Höhe um so tiefer zu stellen sein, je größer die zu erfassende Masse der Menschen sein soll. Handelt es sich aber, wie bei der Propaganda für die Durchhaltung eines Krieges, darum, ein ganzes Volk in ihren Wirkungskreis zu ziehen, so kann die Vorsicht bei der Vermeidung zu hoher geistiger Voraussetzungen gar nicht groß genug sein.
- Adolf Hitler - Mein Kampf 1943, 851.-855. Aufl., S. 197


Blessed is he who expects nothing, 
for he shall never be disappointed.
- Alexander Pope


Believe those who are seeking the truth. 
Doubt those who find it.
- André Gide


Perfection is achieved, 
not when there is nothing more to add, 
but when there is nothing left to take away.
- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry


Try as I may, I cannot very much like primitive people.
They make me feel uncomfortable.
- Aldous Huxley


The trouble with the world is 
that the stupid are cocksure 
and the intelligent are full of doubt.
- Bertrand Russell


The monotony and solitude of a quiet life 
stimulates the creative mind.
- Albert Einstein


Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer 
to the problem of human existence.
- Erich Fromm


The words are all around 
but the words are only sounds
And no one ever seems to listen
- Jack Johnson


Su corazón busco una forma diferente de vivir,
pero las olas le gritaron vete con los demás
- Jose Luis Perales


And I won’t be running from the rain when I’m gone
And I can’t even suffer from the pain when I’m gone
- Phil Ochs


Saw the people standin’ thousand years in chains.
Someone said it’s diff’rent now, but look, it’s just the same.
- CCR


Und doch, welch Glück, geliebt zu werden!
Und lieben, Götter, welch ein Glück
- Goethe


Warum gabst du uns die tiefen Blicke,
unsre Zukunft ahndungsvoll zu schaun,
unsrer Liebe, unsrem Erdenglücke
wähnend selig nimmer hinzutraun?
- Goethe


Stumm war alles, still und öde,
Einsam Gott zum ersten Mal!
Da erschuf er Morgenröte,
Die erbarmte sich der Qual;
- Goethe - Wiederfinden


Ich ging im Walde so für mich hin
und nichts zu suchen, das war mein Sinn
- Goethe - Gefunden


Seht die Vögel unter dem Himmel an:
Sie sähen nicht, sie ernten nicht, sie sammeln nicht;
und euer himmlischer Vater ernährt sie doch.
- Matthäus


I’ve been down on the bottom of a world full of lies
I ain’t looking for nothing in anyone’s eyes
- Bob Dylan - Not Dark Yet


Perhaps a better world is drawing near
And just as easy, it could all disappear
Along with whatever meaning you might have found
- Jackson Browne - For A Dancer


My sense of humanity has gone down the drain
Behind every beautiful thing there’s been some kind of pain
- Bob Dylan - Not Dark Yet


Gonna sleep down in the parlor
And relive my dreams
I’ll close my eyes and I wonder
If everything is as hollow as it seems
- Bob Dylan - Trying To Get To Heaven


I ain’t sayin’ you treated me unkind
You could have done better but I don’t mind
- Bob Dylan - Don’t Think Twice


Doch dann gibt Dein Spiel meinen Träumen Gestalt,
meine Ängste zerbrechen an Deiner Gewalt.
Von Deiner Ruhe lerne ich lieben
Dein Plätschern ist mir als Freude geblieben.
- Peter Murman


Ohne Sinn und Ziel verschwende
Ich den Tag in Apathie
Ungenutzt und brach die Pfände
Die das Leben mir nur lieh
- Peter Murman


Es war nicht dein Anblick, es war nicht dein Wort,
doch fand meine Sehnsucht bei dir einen Ort,
unsere Herzen, sie wussten es beide sofort,
es war stark das Gefühl - aber nur dann und dort.
- Peter Murman


Wie freut es sich, wieder zu schlagen,
mein Herze im Sonnenschein.
Verflogen die quälenden Fragen.
Das schönste ist, einfach zu Sein.
- Peter Murman


Wie kannst du dich verhalten zeigen,
zu Kühle, gar zu Kälte neigen?
Gefühle können so viel geben,
den andern und dem eig’nen Leben!
- Peter Murman


Was noch bringt das Leben hier
als nur jeden Tag ein Gleiches.
Liebste, hätt ich Dich bei mir,
all das wäre mir ein Leichtes!
- Peter Murman


Doch die liebste Freude schwindet
Wahrlich, niemand der sie bindet
- Peter Murman


Bräucht’ die Seele ein Bild
Dem zu entsprechen es gilt
Ich wählte es blind
Eine Wolke im Wind
- Peter Murman


We thought we could sit forever in fun
But our chances really was a million to one
- Bob Dylan - Bob Dylan’s Dream


Ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat
I’d give it all gladly if our lives could be like that
- Bob Dylan - Bob Dylan’s Dream


How many times must a man look up 
Before he can see the sky?
- Bob Dylan - Blowin’ In The Wind


And our choices were few and the thought never hit
That the one road we traveled would ever shatter and split
- Bob Dylan - Bob Dylan’s Dream


Ich lebe im Trott, tagein und tagaus
nur manchmal bricht eine Träne heraus
- Peter Murman


Everything I’m a-sayin’
You can say it just as good.
- Bob Dylan - One Too Many Mornings


The silent night will shatter 
From the sounds inside my mind
- Bob Dylan - One Too Many Mornings


Let me drink from the waters where the mountain streams flood
Let the smell of wildflowers flow free through my blood
- Bob Dylan - Let Me Die In My Footsteps


I don’t know if I’m smart but I think I can see
When someone is pullin’ the wool over me
- Bob Dylan - Let Me Die In My Footsteps


Then the sands will roll
Out a carpet of gold
For your weary toes to be a-touchin’
- Bob Dylan - When The Ship Comes In


Then take me disappearin’ through the smoke rings of my mind
Down the foggy ruins of time, far past the frozen leaves
The haunted, frightened trees, out to the windy beach
Far from the twisted reach of crazy sorrow
Yes, to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free
Silhouetted by the sea, circled by the circus sands
With all memory and fate driven deep beneath the waves
Let me forget about today until tomorrow
- Bob Dylan - Mr. Tambourine Man


It’s simply that one should never be
Where one does not belong
- Bob Dylan - Frankie Lee


Sometimes a man must be alone
And this is no place to hide
- Bob Dylan - Frankie Lee


People tell me it’s a sin
To know and feel too much within
- Bob Dylan - Simple Twist Of Fate


Life is sad, Life is a bust
All ya can do is do what you must
- Bob Dylan - Buckets Of Rain


I’ve heard newborn babies wailin’ like a mournin’ dove
And old men with broken teeth stranded without love
- Bob Dylan - Shelter From The Storm


Try imagining a place where it’s always safe and warm
“Come in,” she said, “I’ll give you shelter from the storm”
- Bob Dylan - Shelter From The Storm


In the dime stores and bus stations
People talk of situations
Read books, repeat quotations
Draw conclusions on the wall
- Bob Dylan - Love Minus Zero


Some people will offer you their hand and some won’t
Last night I knew you, tonight I don’t
- Bob Dylan - Mississippi


Walkin’ through the leaves, falling from the trees
Feelin’ like a stranger nobody sees
- Bob Dylan - Mississippi


So many things that we never will undo
I know you’re sorry, I’m sorry too
- Bob Dylan - Mississippi


All my powers of expression and thoughts so sublime
Could never do you justice in reason or rhyme
- Bob Dylan - Mississippi


Got nothin’ for you, I had nothin’ before
Don’t even have anything for myself anymore
- Bob Dylan - Mississippi


I was raised in the country, I been workin’ in the town
I been in trouble ever since I set my suitcase down
- Bob Dylan - Mississippi


Every step of the way we walk the line
Your days are numbered, so are mine
- Bob Dylan - Mississippi


Used to play in the cemetery
Dance and sing and run when I was a child
And it never seemed strange
But now I just pass mournfully
By that place where the bones of life are piled
I know somethin’ has changed
I’m a stranger here and no one sees me
’Cept you, yeah you
- Bob Dylan - Except You


Through the mad mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail
The sky cracked its poems in naked wonder
- Bob Dylan - Chimes of Freedom


Through the wild cathedral evening 
The rain unraveled tales
- Bob Dylan - Chimes of Freedom


Yes, my guard stood hard when abstract threats
Too noble to neglect
Deceived me into thinking
I had something to protect
- Bob Dylan - My Back Pages


With your silhouette when the sunlight dims
Into your eyes where the moonlight swims
- Bob Dylan - Sad Eyed Lady


I’ve tried my best to love you but I cannot play this game
Your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same
- Bob Dylan - Angelina


If you can read my mind, 
then why must I speak?
- Bob Dylan - Angelina


Money can’t buy back 
your youth when you’re old
Or a friend when you’re lonely 
or a love that’s grown cold
- Johnny Cash - A Satisfied Mind


The less you know, the more you believe.
- Bono


Great minds discuss ideas
average minds discuss events
small minds discuss people
- Eleanor Roosevelt


I'd come to realize 
that all our troubles 
spring from our failure 
to use plain, clear-cut language.
- Albert Camus - The Plague


People cannot discover new lands 
until they have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
- André Gide


There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbors will say.
- Cyril Connolly


There is a difference between listening and waiting for your turn to speak 
- Simon Sinek


Ich bin Erinnerungen treu für immer: 
Menschen werde ich es niemals sein.
– Lou Andreas-Salomé


